Brother Ye
What my brother Chen did was wrong.
I apologize to you for him.
Sorry brother
You forgive him
Stop targeting him, okay?
Mu Qianqian
On the top floor.
Didn't you see everything on the big screen?
He's easing his relationship with you and showing you affection
While having an affair with another woman
Oh, right.
Didn't he say it directly?
They use you as a tool
Why are you still pleading for him?
First brother, it was Li Ruolai who framed him
That's not who I believe he is.
Besides, his feelings for me are real
He also said he would take me away when it was over
Make you the happiest woman in the world
Okay?
How many people has he said this to?
Besides, you framed me for him
I almost jumped into the Yellow River and couldn't even wash it
And now you come to me on his behalf